Game Title:

     The game starts off with the player spawned on level 1. To progress to the
next level the player must kill enemies, which at the same time will earn them
experience to be used on upgrading their character's traits and skills. To win,
the player must defeat a currently unnamed enemy that will only spawn past
level 10. From then on, the chance that [boss name] will spawn will increase by
ten percent every time ten levels are finished. The player will be notified of
[boss name]'s spawning, and more than likely they will try to avoid him until
they feel ready to battle. So the game goes from simply attacking enemies and
leveling up, to still trying to level up and avoiding near certain death, to
finally chasing after [boss name]. To drive the middle stage of gameplay, the
likelihood of survival will be displayed with the notification of [boss name]'s
arrival.

Things to implement:
Digging system:
  The maps generated can force the user into a space where they cannot advance,
so the ability to dig out the walls of the cave is needed, but it must be
limited. To do this I want to implement a Digger mixin that gives that ability
(possibly to enemies as well?). To limit it, a stamina system can be implemented
This could be done with a mixin similar to HitPoints. The rate at which stamina
returns could be based on some kind of endurance trait of the entity.

Inventory and enemy drops:
Both of these things can be handled with a single mixin. When the player walks
over the corpse of an enemy (a red 'X'), a prompt asking the user if he'd like
to scavenge will appear. When the user accepts this prompt, a new ui mode will
open displaying the contents of the the user's inventor on the right, and the
enemy's inventory on the left, where every item will be labeled with sequential
numbers so that they can be selected to be moved over. Storage of items in the
mixin will be simply done with

Action Messages(inspired by Brogue):
On weapon items, store an action phrase (i.e. "slashed, bashed, axed") so that
when the user attacks and is attacked, the message displays something like:
  player_name slashed moss, -3hp
  moss attacked you, -1hp

Skill system:


Ranged attacks:
  Could be triggered with shift + numpad keys. Whether or not the enemy dodges
the attack will be based on the skills of both the player and the enemy (need
skill system now). The movement of the projectile will be animated by moving the
projectile in the same direction by one until an enemy or a wall is hit.

Item generator:
  Basically a copy of the entity generator.


Features wanted:
Either a menu to trade or a town that is visitable between levels.
Companion
New enemies:
  Goblins (fire damage, lasts for a few turns)
  Trolls
  Rats
  Slugs (acid damage, lasts for a few turns)
  Jackals
  Synths (ranged attakers)
Armor system
